application.py
    This file is configured to store sessions to the local filesystem. It also configures an SQLite database, finance.db, to be used
    with CS50's SQL module. Application.py's many routes are used to configure the pages and the uses of the web app.
    
    index()
        The manager always has a user id of 1 since they always make the first account. For all other employees, the index only
        shows the shift information for the logged in user as to maintain privacy.
    hours()
        Hours() is unique due to the nature of the job. As bartenders, event times fluctuate frequently -- it all depends on the 
        customer. Employees can enter half hours and quarter hours in their shift information due to this. Wages for different
        events also fluctuate. Late-night and last-minute events are difficult for the manager to staff so the pay for those 
        shifts are usually bumped. The manager keeps mental track of these pay bumps, but it would so much more efficient for
        employees to keep track of this information. Many students have questionable ethics so suspicious totals will be inspected
        by the manager. There is no specific structure for entering the date. This is because the date of the event is for the 
        convenience of the employee to keep track of (the manager has a separate scheduling website to reference). The total amount
        of hours and money earned is calculated for the convenience of both the manager and the employees.
    login()
        Correct credentials are required to preserve the security of the accounts.
    logout()
        Logout() allows users to logout of their account to protect their information.
    register()
        In practice, the username would be chosen by the manager and all usernames would follow a firstname.lastname format so that 
        employees are easily identifiable. Passwords are hashed before they are stored to furthur increase security.  
    clear()
        Payroll usually operates on a biweekly cycle at Harvard Bartending Services. After payroll, shifts are deleted and reset 
        to prepare for the next cycle. The clear button is most useful to employees who entered in shift information incorrectly.
        They can enter the date of the shift and the shift will be deleted from both the hours table and the history table, their
        total hours and total earned cash will also decrease accordingly. The manager can reset the shift information for all users
        and they can also adjust their own shifts.
    history()
        History displays information from all shifts from all payrolls.
        
        
Static/
    The css ensures a consistent HTML format which makes the website look more professional.

Templates/
    Includes many html files each displayed when rendered.

helpers.py
    login_required()
        Does not allow user to enter information unless they are logged in.

finance.db
    users
        username   TEXT                            Can be combination of numeric and alphabetical values
        password   TEXT                            Can be combination of numeric and alphabetical values
        id         INTEGER   PRIMARY KEY: Yes      Unique id for each user
        cash       NUMERIC   DEFAULT VALUE: 0      Cash can have decimal values
        hours      NUMERIC   DEFAULT VALUE: 0      Hours can have decimal values
    hours 
        date       TEXT                            Date can be entered however the user wants
        hours      NUMERIC                         Hours can have decimal values
        wage       NUMERIC                         Wage can have decimal values
        user       INTEGER                         Unique id generated when user registers
        total      NUMERIC                         Total earned money can have decimal values
    history
        Same as hours table
